hey guys welcome back to It's A Wrap so
nothing's confirmed yet this is all very
rumor heavy but we've been hearing that
Christopher Nolan might return and kind
of reboot Justice League in terms of
what's going on there and maybe we bring
back Bruce Wayne how do you feel about
this joven ah I think just Christopher
Nolan is a safe bet he's he's a great
director that can turn the Justice
League into this gritty real awesome
movie as for having Christian Bale back
I would actually want to see someone
else because I like what he did with
that trilogy where it was things were
different from the comics and that was
okay because this was like this this
particular telling of the story so you
can have the beginning of Bruce Wayne in
the end of Batman in that trilogy and
then that was it that was that was it
with those movies just yeah it's been
set up for us i think it's like the
tarot cards have been out and you can
retreat him and i think you're right
about Nolan I think that I mean just the
fans will come because of it he knows
how to tell the stories yeah you know
it's like a brand of a people he just he
makes it real I it's like this is what
it would be like if it was actually
happening I think it's important to note
too that he acted as a producer on man
of steel and he worked his ax night or a
lot and that if Warner Brothers could
pick any one to sort of handle all their
DC properties which is what this rumor
is Christopher Nolan would be the
perfect person and they convince him to
do it that's it well they gotta that's
what Marvel did with Joss Whedon and
that's what Fox did with Mark Miller for
all the Marvel properties like and I
think it's really smart to have one
person who's in the know be able to say
like we can do this we can't do that
this is how we make this all da didn't
work as a unit especially just having
like just one set direction where no
one's overlapping storylines it's not
breaking continuity anywhere just for
the fans that's that's a big thing well
to talk about the rumor a little bit
more they're saying that not only will
Nolan be involved but they'll also bring
on zack snyder to direct and that
possibly David Goyer would be writing
which is that would kind of be a dream
team i'm gonna say i think that would be
really really legit to see that happen
and i think that if they
I move in that area it's gonna be an
amazing movie and that was the dream
team for Man of Steel too and I know
like it's not out yet it won't be out
for a little while but I talked to
someone who's on early screaming and she
loved it and I was a little bit hesitant
about it I was like I don't know a zack
snyder sort of had a couple misses
recently like regardless of how we feel
about watchmen and sucker punch but it's
supposed to be great and if they can do
that and i mean the the script for
justice league to the initial one is
supposed to be terrible that was another
report so if they can turn that around
make this movie worth watching that's
pretty cool as long as they can why I
think issues kind of take the with the
new 52 that just happened a year ago
with where they kind of started over in
the first few issues of Justice League
was like the group coming together you
really got to see that the characters
shine is who they really are which i
think is what made the Avenger so great
so they can kind of take that story arc
and kind of expand on that and make the
script around those specific characters
I think that's what's going to sell a
good movie yes face it they should
probably just get JJ Abrams to direct
that give him all the jobs Hollywood he
can take a look JJ that is all the
challenge of these these big group
movies like x-men and Avengers and
Justice League is telling the stories
you know even hand leave a lot of
characters and not yet still having it
move in one direction yeah well but then
what about the dark knight rises with
the end of that with Bruce Wayne
essentially going into implied
retirement I mean how are they going to
resolve that issue and make it something
that makes sense to everyone else that's
watching the film yeah if if they don't
do a reboot of the Justice League where
they start from the beginning yeah I
think Joseph gordon-levitt's would be a
great way to great direction to go I
think they should definitely keep
christian bale out of it though like he
retired here's the new guy have him
learning how to be Batman in the Justice
League maybe he can't do it so he has to
put together the Justice League to kind
of help him out a little bit but even
then that's a different skewed version
of Batman that we would be used I
totally agree because to have him come
back it would sort of just feel like
retconning the whole thing like crisper
Nolan said this is my Batman story yes
these three movies in
even said he was like I'm done and even
if he does come back and there's a
chance that he could I really want that
to be able to live on its own and he
left enough like strings dangling that
he could move on from there yeah the
great thing is Christian Bale could
always come back if they ever took the
80s Frank Miller comic the dark knight
rises he could be older Batman's and fan
Dark Knight Returns return yes which
they actually just did the animated
movies part 1 and part 2 is out now and
that is absolutely phenomenal as for an
animated movie so they wanted to make a
live-action movie I like that
combination how do we guys feel about
jgl coming in time I thought that was
you I mean that's been a rumor for a
really really long time down to know I
don't know I don't know if I love him as
that man he's an action guy now you know
he is but I I'm not sold yeah boy hurt
me the fanboy part of me says that
wouldn't work like he doesn't play a
Batman type character I don't think I
first all just have anyone as Batman
that's not Bruce Wayne or Dick Grayson
like Dick Grayson not this other guy oh
I just for me it it itches wrong but I
also think that if they're gonna do it
they're probably going to go for a
younger cast like 20s and 30s and that
he was work fit well in there I'm just
like thinking back there like old rumors
of Justice League were like Adam Brody
was supposed to play the flash and like
stuff like that so for me jgl is it's
also a big room or two that they might
bring that character back it would be
fun yeah that would be fun well let's
know what you guys think tell us in the
comments if you want to see flash who
would be a Batman if Christian Bale
doesn't return and how you feel about
Christopher Nolan returning for justice
league and maybe bringing back then back
you